docs: link to RFPs (#6)
libp2p/research: README.md

**List:**
- Currently all in [PRs](https://github.com/libp2p/research/pulls)

## Funding

> [Protocol Labs runs an RFP(Request For Proposals)](https://github.com/protocol/research-rfps) Program with the goal to fund individuals and groups to come up with novel solutions to the Open Problems found in this repo. If you are interested, consult the active RFPs at https://github.com/protocol/research-rfps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Protocol Labs runs an RFP (Request For Proposals)](https://github.com/protocol/research-rfps) Program with the goal of funding individuals and groups to come up with novel solutions to the Open Problems found in this and other repos. If interested, please follow the link to check the active RFPs.
```
